Let's implement a solution for this problem in this function
search Mountain array
First we have to find the index of the peak
element
we shall do this in this function
Find Peak element in BitonicArray We have
already discussed this in the previous model
so let us skip it here and move on to the next
steps
Elements from the start index to peak index will be
in ascending order
So let us do a normal binary search from index 0 to
pivot so write res equal to binary search of
array comma n comma zero comma pivot
If the element is found the index of the element
will be returned to res else minus one will be
returned and we have to search the second part from
pivot to end
This portion will be in descending order
So we have to do a modified binary search
So write
If result equal to equal to minus one call Reverse
binary search of array comma n comma pivot
plus one comma size minus one
Let us take the binary search
Could skeleton here and see what changes do we need
to make to search in a descending array
The logic here is quite the opposite of normal binary search
in a descending array
If the mid element is less than the search element
the search element can only be present in the first
half from start to mid
Hence they have to adjust end to mid minus
one
Likewise if mid element is greater than the search element
we have to adjust start to mid plus one
Thus if search element is present in second half
its index will be returned from this function else minus
one will be returned so R e s will hold
the decide output for this problem
Hence we can return it.